let's go on to one of the most important
issues facing the country uh the Bible
bill there's legislation has been uh
proposed by represent Paul Brown
Republican of Georgia to make a two
thousand uh ten the year of the Bible
all thank God because we really need a
year by otherwise the Bible's gonna fall
apart is that what what I don't get a
year how's this work uh you know I go on
and abiding Barney Frank the best job
let me give you some booze quotes of
course is Democrat from Massachusetts he
said does that mean 2009 is not the year
the Bible your 2010 is he said uh was
2012 the year of the Quran is like this
is silly man we should be in the
business of passing a resolution say no
no really the Bible rocks and this year
will it's all about the Bible of course
Republicans disagree with this and this
is not the first time they tried they
actually did trying 2009 it didn't get
enough support so i guess 2009 was not
the year of the bible and represent
arousal although i want to say be
bipartisan i wanna get as many democrats
as we can on board surprisingly no
Democrats have gotten on book because
it's saying not that we don't love the
Bible but we don't need a resolution for
let alone the questionable
constitutionality of that resolution
which by the way would also accomplish
absolutely nothing we're trying to fix
the economy here we are worried about
people's health care you're passing
goofy resolutions about the year the
Bible please by the way this is not the
first time in 1983 Ronald Reagan got the
year of the Bible pass through so if we
are he already had a year the Bible
already had a year's 1983 we're gonna go
go back to that well I don't think it's
fair that you know what Barney Frank is
right what Quran does in a single year
and the Bible was gonna get to very very
wrong every time I see stories like this
I'm amazed that they missed the whole
point of the Constitution but they seem
undeterred by that watch more clips at
the Young Turks dot-com